---
layout: character_simple
title: Lilah Redbud
date: 2021-06-23 11:47:00 -0400
character_id: lilah-redbud

excerpt_separator: <!--END_EXCERPT-->

epithet: The Tall
creator: Emmia

image: /assets/images/characters/lilah/fullbody-personnal.png
image_caption: Art by Personnal

quote: Are you going to eat all that by yourself?
quote_context: Lilah to Kosilius

facts:
  race: Fairy
  class: Fighter
  gender: Female (She/Her)
  age: 20
  alignment: Chaotic Neutral
  orientaton: Unknown
  occupation: Adventurer
  birthday: 3rd of Ches (March 3rd)
  height: 8 inches
  weight: < 1 lb.

lists:
  likes:
    - Napping
    - Combat
    - Cute animals
    - Journaling
    - Good nom
  dislikes:
    - Money
    - Kobolds
    - Dragons
  skills:
    - Animal handling
    - Brawn
    - Intimidation
    - Viol-playing
    - Blacksmithing
---

After losing her village and nearly losing her life in a raid by the vile Cult of the Dragon, Lilah Redbud has become an adventurer to find the source of the kobolds and cultists who attacked her home. With her sword and shield in hand, this fairy will stop at nothing to defeat her foes.  

<!--END_EXCERPT-->

## Personality
In a word, Lilah Redbud is best described as 'audacious'. Her willingness to
take risks for a cause she believes in is the trait that separates her from the
other fairies in her village, and has gotten her into trouble more than once.
She is always willing to speak up against something she dislikes, and to act if
she thinks speaking will not get her way. In that way, Lilah is naturally
honest, never making any effort to lie or conceal her intentions.

Lilah is aware that others often underestimate her, and uses this to her
advantage. When fighting, she is the smallest target around, and has an easy
time avoiding attacks and attention. That said, she enjoys acting tough and
being seen as strong or intimidating. She abhors the idea of being seen as cute
or dainty, but does enjoy when others are attracted to her strength.

Lilah doesn't understand the concept of money, preferring to work or trade for
a what she wants. Her experience with smithing and crafting runes has helped
her earn favors, and her skill with a viol has gained her plenty of meals and
places to stay on her travels.

At her best, Lilah is a hero-at-her-own-convenience. She doesn't act like a
hero, nor does she want to be one, but she is happy to perform heroic acts if
it supports her own cause.

## Backstory
Lilah grew up in a hidden fairy colony known as Wellglen, which was built
around the Mythwell, a source of fey energy which empowered the fairies who
lived around it. The community and the Mythwell were protected by the giant
known as Throk Woodhand, the last member of the giant clan which has protected
the area for centuries. Lilah knew Throk well, as he was her mentor and the one
who taught her how to make runes and forge tools.

One terrible day, a raiding party of the cult of Tiamat appeared and tore
Wellglen apart in search of magic items. They destroyed the Mythwell in order
to create  a magical artifact, then moved on to pillage other areas. Lilah was
nearly killed by a swarm of kobolds when defending her home, but she was saved
by Throk, who scattered the kobolds with his furious might. Lilah was at the
edge of death, but Throk brought Lilah to safety and donated his blood to bring
her back.

Because of the attack, many of the fairies were forced to abandon their homes
and take refuge elsewhere, but Lilah wanted vengeance for the raid and for her
near-death. She chose to become an adventurer so she could get stronger and
find the origin of the raiders who attacked her home.  

## Appearance
Despite her short stature, (standing only 8 inches tall in total), Lilah exudes
an aura of confidence. Her somewhat curvy body is athletic, but not
particularly toned. She often stands or leans in a resting position, full of
energy yet not putting in any more effort than is necessary.

Lilah's shoulder-length cotton-candy pink hair is tied up in twintails. Her
skin is like light caramel, and silky smooth. While her left eye is a soft
pink, her right eye is a deep violet. She often wears a confident expression,
with a smile that reassures her allies and terrifies her foes.

In combat, Lilah wields a razor-sharp longsword. She fights carefully, always
ready to protect her allies around her with her large shield. Her blue cloth
tunic, fairymetal chain shirt, and leather chestpiece protect her from
dangerous attacks while remaining fashionable for most situations. Her boots
and gloves keep her feet and hands warm, and her utility belt allows easy
access to her limited supply of items. Her wings are unburdened by armor or
decorations, helping her to fly and dodge attacks. Because of all this, Lilah
is prepared for battle a moment's notice.
