---
layout: journal
title: "Horde of the Dragon Queen - Introductions"
date: 2021-06-24 13:40:00 -0400

story: hotdq-lexi
categories: journal
tags: character_lilah-redbud

description: Lilah reflects on her traveling companions on the way to Greenest.
---
My name is Lilah Redbud. I'm a warrior from the former fairy colony of
Wellglen. Folks back home call me "Lilah the Tall" because I tower over
everyone else I know by a good two inches, but now that I'm in human lands
seeing the others in the carriage, they must think I'm tiny by comparison.
I'll have to work extra hard to prove how powerful a warrior I really am.

As I think about this, the dwarf driving the carriage is droning on and on
about boring things. He has gotta be ancient, at least a million years old. I
think he introduced himself at one point as "Rubik". As boring as he sounds, he
might just be one of the strongest people here. I don't think it's right to
underestimate him. He looks like he has been through an adventure or two of his
own.

I glance down over at Kosilius, who I have been traveling with for a few days.
I met them on the road shortly after I started my journey, and shared a few
meals with them. It wasn't until recently that the two of us hitched a ride on
the carriage. It's hard to tell what they're thinking behind their mask, but I
like to believe they don't mind having me around too much.

The rest of the riders, I still haven't gotten a good read on yet. There's a
musician, who I think is named "Arcello". She is playing a lute, and while I've
never heard the melody she is playing, I feel kinda moved listening to it.
Another of the riders (I believe someone has referred to them as "Balthus"?)
is reading a book. They have this cold aura about them, like actually cold.
While they seem a little nervous, I don't think I want to get on their bad
side. Finally, there is an elven woman named Eloen. I think she's a priest of
some kind, but it's hard to know for sure.

*I didn't know it at the time, but I would be traveling with these adventurers
for the remainder of my short life.*
