---
layout: journal
title: "Horde of the Dragon Queen - Session 5: Defection [MERCURY ENTRY]"
date: 2021-07-04 14:41:00 -0400

story: hotdq-lexi
categories: journal
tags: character_mercury-wolfhound

description: Mercury Wolfhound quits her job, violently.
---
I lean by the side door of the mill. I'm supposed to pass along a magic item to
my boss to have it identified and redistributed to someone else. It's the
crossbow I found earlier in the day. My crossbow, that I've grown accustomed to
using as a focus for my magic. Somehow, I'm just not feeling it today. I'm done
letting my decisions and will be the purview of someone else, having my
successes be passed on to someone else, and being kept in the dark about every
little thing. Today is the day.

I hear the door shut on the other side of the mill. Then, the sounds of combat.
I take a breath to compose myself, and head inside.

As I open the door, I spot an initiate of the cult in front of me. He doesn't
even know I'm there. I lift my crossbow and take dead aim at his chest,
uttering a word of my newfound eldritch power and marking him with a curse. As
I do so, a bolt of violet energy springs from my crossbow with a crack, as if
by its own will. The initiate falls to the floor, unconcious or possibly dead.

*"Sorry, sweetheart. I quit."*

I'm almost surprised at myself as these words exit my lips. I had been
questioning for weeks if I was ready, but with this betrayal, the deed is done.

I hear a Dwarf near the other entrance ask me, "Who are you? Are you on our
side?"

I nod my head in response. "I'm with you, at least for now," I say. I would
have shared my name, but there is a fight going on.

I glance around the room, assessing the situation. The faithful cultists
outnumber my new allies, but the cult seems disorganized. Many are on the
ground, picking themselves up after undoubtedly jumping off the ledge above.
*They could have just taken the stairs.* My allies seem mostly-healthy, but
could use some assistance.

I take another shot with my crossbow, keeping a hostile initiate at bay.

My enemies are all humans, but they have a Drake with them, which begins
approaching me from the stairwell. In fact, it looks familiar... It doesn't
look hostile to me, either.

She's Ailith, *my* drake. I raised her from a hatchling, and I took care of her
until they took her away from me. She's close enough to touch now, and I
cautiously reach a hand over to her snout.

*Boop.* She clearly remembers me. I would take more time for sentimentals, but
there is more fighting to be done.

This moment is interrupted by the forceful clatter of a weapon against my armor
of shadows as an initiate swings his weapon down on me, knocking me back a bit.
I was so lost in the moment that I didn't see his attack. As I pick myself back
up, Ailith tackles the opponent the full force of her body, knocking the man
off his feet.

The battle wages on around us. Despite my best defensive efforts, I take two
strikes from a halberd directly into my armor of shadows. I am knocked off my
feet, and the enemy warrior prepares to slam his weapon down on me. Is this the
end?

There is a loud ringing across the room as the Dwarf interposes his shield
between me and the halberdier. He reaches a hand down to me and cures my wounds
using his divine magic. Stronger than he looks, he pulls me up off the ground
to my feet. Once again, I am ready to battle, and feeling strong as hell.

Slowly, the number of opponents dwindles. Two of the initiates flee the battle
through the same door I entered through, leaving their mistress to us. The
human warrior grabs my former boss and pins her against the wall. I turn away
as the Dwarven Paladin executes her.

"That wasn't very paladin-like of you, Dwarf," I comment.  

The Dwarf wipes his weapon clean of blood. "Well... I guess I wasn't going to
make much use of my Paladin abilities anyway," he says.

*I would have done the same thing.*

The Dwarf begins collecting the robes off the fallen initiates. "It will be
easier to get back to the castle with these," he says. I lift my hood, and
the others begin equipping the robes.

-----

We exit the mill and regroup. I'm not the best at conversation, but I make a
good effort. I introduce myself as *Mercury Wolfhound*, the title I was given
by my superiors. The Dwarven paladin tells me his name is *Rubik*. The Human
warrior goes by *Kosilius*, the ice mage is named *Balthus*, and the woman with
the lute is *Arcello*.

The group begins leading me to the castle that they have been using as their
base of operations. On the way, we are intercepted by a group of raiders. Their
leader steps forward and questions us, and I falsely convince them of our
allegiance to the Queen of Chromatic Dragons. "Hail Tiamat". They believe me,
and we get away without incident.

We make our way to the castle, throwing off our robes to reveal our traveling
clothes underneath. The gatekeepers allow us in, and we speak with the governor
of the town and the lord of the castle. I explain my defection from the cult.
Finally, we are given a job: We are to head over to the local temple and free a
group of civilians hiding within.

Before he explains any further, I interrupt, pointing out how heavily injured
many of the other warriors are. I demand some form of healing be provided to
them before we head out. The governor acquiesces, and provides us each with a
potion of healing.

We leave the castle, heading to our next destination: The temple of Chauntea.

**SESSION END**

We earned 140 xp this session. Since the rest of the party started the session
with 595 xp, I now have 735 out of the 900 xp needed for my next level-up. 
Additionally, we each were given basic potions of healing, although Balthus and
Kosilius used theirs.
