---
layout: journal
title: "Horde of the Dragon Queen - Session 6: The Temple in Greenest"
date: 2021-07-04 14:45:00 -0400

story: hotdq-lexi
categories: journal
tags: character_mercury-wolfhound

description: The party the Temple of Chauntea by way of arms.
---
We arrive outside the wall surrounding the temple without incident. The
entrance is guarded by a couple raiders, and we need to clear them out to
provide a safe exit to the civilians.

I step forward, taking aim at one of the kobolds and attempting to fire an
eldritch blast to begin the fight. Unfortunately, my crossbow is acting up, and
my shot blows up in my face. The enemies take notice, and I am flanked by a
group of three angry kobolds. My co-workers come to my aid, protecting me from
almost certain death. The ice mage Balthus casts an ice knife on the crowd in
front of us, taking down two of the enemy Kobolds. With the numbers reduced, I
give a command to my Drake Ailith, and she jumps off the roof of the adjacent
building and onto the position of the enemy captain. Unfortunately, the leader
is able to move out of the way before Ailith can strike.

At this point, we're in trouble. While Kosilius and Balthus are eventually able
to take down our enemies with careful strikes and frost rays respectively,
Alith and I are both defeated. Arcello is forced to use a healing spell on me,
and after the battle is over, I feed Ailith my healing potion. I will use this
battle as a learning opportunity to hopefully improve my strategy in the
future.

From here, we pass through the gate leading into the temple courtyard. There is
an unmanned battering ram on the front entrance. There are too many enemies on
the left side of the church to safely dispatch, so we sneak by on the right
side. The back entrance is mostly obscured with smoke, but we can see a group
of raiders on the entrance. It is unclear what their goal is.

The enemies haven't spotted us yet, and this provides the opportunity for us to
get the jump on our foes. Kosilius sneaks into the smoke and takes down one of
our opponents with a single hit, while Ailith climbs up onto an overhang above
the entrance and surprises the group by jumping down into battle, killing a
kobold instantly. Although Kosilius is disarmed during the battle, Ailith is
able to find a replacement weapon in the hands of an initiate she had just
killed. With only a few foes to battle, we take them down with much more ease
than the fight at the entrance.

We put out the campfire that was causing the smoke, and I knock on the backdoor
of the temple. "Hey! We're here to help get you out of here," I shout through
the door. The door opens, and a half-elven woman carrying a staff and wearing
priestly robes pops their head out. Behind her are a ton of civilians cowering
for their lives.

After a short discussion with the priest, the Dwarven paladin gives a rallying speech, inspiring the civilians to join us in attempting to make their way back to the castle.

We begin marching onward to the exit, only to find that our way is blocked by Dragon Cult raiders.

**SESSION END**

We earned 105 xp this session, totaling 840 out of the 900 xp needed to level up.
