---
layout: journal
title: "Horde of the Dragon Queen - Session 1: Dragon Over Greenest"
date: 2021-06-24 14:25:00 -0400

story: hotdq-lexi
categories: journal
tags: character_lilah-redbud

description: The group arrives at a town in dire need of heroes, and fight
  their way to the keep in search of answers.
---
We see the smoke long before the buildings come into view. As we grow nearer,
the smell of ash is undeniable, as is the silhouette of the massive blue lizard
flying in circles above the town's castle. The town of Greenest is under attack
by an adult blue dragon.

We dismount from the carriage and approach on foot to avoid being spotted. We
sneak along the road, and on our route we come across a family of civilians
being attacked by kobolds. Joined by my traveling companions, I rush forward
into battle, both to protect the civilians and to kill kobolds. It's a win-win
situation! Although we do take some minor wounds, the battle is an easy victory.

After the battle, Eloen and Rubik take a moment to heal our wounds, which I am
silently thankful for. Then we head toward the castle at the center of town,
taking odd paths to avoid being spotted by roaming groups of kobolds led by
purple-robed cultists... The same robes worn by the raiders who took my home.

When we reach the castle, we find that there is a squad of our foes stationed in
front of the gatehouse. Before I can foolishly rush into battle, the musician
Arcello hatches a plan. She creates an illusion of a yummy bowl of soup a short
distance from the crowd. One of the kobolds turns to investigate, but its
commander stops it and he walks over to the soup instead. Then the greedy
kobolds start fighting over who gets to eat the soup! Apparently being a bad
guy doesn't pay for hot meals.

Now that the kobolds and cultists are fighting over imaginary soup, I start
thinking carefully. Channeling the powers granted by my fey upbringing, I
summon an aura of twinkling light that causes the weak points of some of our
foes to glow, making them easier to hit! Then we rush forward, taking down
these fools before they know that hit them.

As the battle ends, the outer wall's doors open and we are invited inside.

**SESSION END**

We earned 220 experience from the fights. Since these were my first battles of
the campaign, that means I have exactly 220 experience, and I need a total of
300 to level up.
