---
layout: journal
title: "Horde of the Dragon Queen - Session 3: The Siege of Castle Greenest"
date: 2021-06-24 16:10:00 -0400

story: hotdq-lexi
categories: journal
tags: character_lilah-redbud

description: The group learns of the Queen of Dragons and protects the
  civilians in the keep from the besieging cultists.
---
In an instant, we are surrounded. Like the previous group, this raiding party contains kobolds and a couple of humanoid mooks in purple robes, but something is different this time. They seem a little more organized, like they have a plan. And what was that strange sound I heard? As we fight on, it doesn't take long before my question is answered: Some kind of drake pounces on us from a nearby thicket. Much of this battle is a blur in my mind. Arcello went down, but was healed by Rubik. At last only one of the cultists remained, and we knocked them unconscious, leaving them alive for questioning.

We brought the cultist back to the keep dungeon and healed some of their wounds. It took a bit of convincing from me, but eventually he spoke of the "Queen of Dragons", which someone suggested might be "Tiamat". I know nothing of this queen, but I'm sure someone can figure it out. The cultist also revealed the cult's goal: To bring this dragon queen into the world so she can "claim her rightful place". This all sounds more than a little ominous and concerning to me.

When we returned to the courtyard, Arcello mentioned that she heard a strange sound coming from the closed gate. I flew up by the gate to investigate, and to my shock I found that a raiding party was trying to use magic to break through the it. They weren't even using a battering ram, just casting a Sacred Flame spell on it over and over again. They must have been at it for a while, since it looked like it was about to break. We ready our weapons, and it isn't long before the gate bursts open.

The fight is on as our enemies pour into the courtyard. Heavily injured by previous battles, Arcello goes down, but is picked back up by Rubik with his healing hands. Regaining her strength, Arcello plays a melody on her lute, raising my morale and allowing me to slash apart the cultists despite my fear. Balthus, feeling the scorn of rejection of the kobolds after demanding they kiss them, freezes the kobolds solid with their cold magic. Although the battle was a tough one, we eventually repel the invaders.

Exhausted from a difficult fight, we take a well-earned hour to rest and regroup. I spend some time sleeping in the keep, hoping that when my nap is over, the fighting will be too...

I am woken up by the others and told of strange sounds coming from the direction of the mill. I guess there is more fighting to be done. That's fine by me.

**SESSION END**

We earned another 185 xp this session, so now our total is 485 out of 900. We also got a short rest, which means we get some health and abilities back.
